hello today I'm showing you the El
Chupacabra talking plane these talking
planes are sold exclusively at the
Disney Store you can also pick up Ecco
dusty and Bravo
hello chupacabras best feature is this
button right here if you press it his
propeller spins it is not fully more as
you must continue pressing it to get the
propeller to continuously spin his cape
is made of a soft plastic and moves up
and down if you press the button on the
bottom of the airplane the Cape also
moves with the propeller this El
Chupacabra airplane is 5 inches tall 13
a half inches wide and 12 inches long
El Chupacabra is a very proud and
charming airplane from Mexico he claims
to be a famous legend El Chupacabra is
friends with dusty and Bulldog skipper
chug and doggy however his enemies are
ripslinger Ned instead his body is
modeled after the GB model R he is
painted with traditional Mexican colors
red white and green in the movie both
dusty and El Chupacabra have a crush on
Michelle this airplane has 15 phrases
[Music]
my favorite phrases when he says I swish
my cape at you very funny
his wings also have LED lights in them
with green on one side and red on the
other thanks for watching you have a
great day